[file_selector] Throw for unsupported type groups (#6120)
flutter/plugins: packages/file_selector/file_selector_macos/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.9.0

> * **BREAKING CHANGE**: Methods that take `acceptedTypeGroups` now throw an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **BREAKING CHANGE**: Methods that take `XTypeGroup`s now throw an
```

  `ArgumentError` if any group is not a wildcard (all filter types null or
  empty), but doesn't include any of the filter types supported by macOS.

> * Ignores deprecation warnings for upcoming styleFrom button API changes.

Reviewer: Should the ignore be landed as 0.8.2+3 so users aren't forced to upgrade a major version to not be affected by this lint? (does this even affect end users?)

Author: Nope, it doesn't. It's only in the changelog because I'm still figuring out better policies for when we skip changelogs in the new tool-enforced world.
